Overview
This article lists the system requirements for Intel® AI Analytics Toolkit.

Release notes can be found in a dedicated article.

The toolkit includes the following components:

Intel® Optimization for TensorFlow*

Intel® Extension for TensorFlow*

Intel® Optimization for PyTorch*

Intel® Extension for PyTorch*

Intel® oneCCL Bindings for PyTorch*

Intel® Distribution for Python*

Intel® Neural Compressor

Model Zoo for Intel® Architecture

Intel® Distribution for Modin*


System Requirements
Hardware Requirements:
CPU Processor:
Intel® Core™ Gen10 Processor
Intel® Xeon® Scalable Performance processors
Accelerators:
Intel® Data Center GPU Flex Series

Intel® Data Center GPU Max Series

Intel® Arc™ A-Series Graphics

Software Requirements:
For Linux* Users
Linux OS requirements

Linux* OS
for CPU	for Accelerators
Ubuntu* LTS v20.04
SUSE* Linux Enterprise Server* 15 SP3
Red Hat* Enterprise Linux*  8
Ubuntu* LTS  v20.04 and v22.04
Red Hat* Enterprise Linux*  8 ( only GPU Max Series)
SUSE* Linux Enterprise Server* 15 SP3 ( only GPU Max Series)
​

For Windows* Users
Windows OS requirements

Window* OS
for CPU	for Accelerators
Windows* 11, 10
Support for Intel® Graphics (GPU) to be

added in future release

​





Notices and Disclaimers

Intel technologies may require enabled hardware, software or service activation.

No product or component can be absolutely secure.

Your costs and results may vary.

© Intel Corporation. Intel, the Intel logo, and other Intel marks are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries. Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.

No license (express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise) to any intellectual property rights is granted by this document.

The products described may contain design defects or errors known as errata which may cause the product to deviate from published specifications. Current characterized errata are available on request.

Intel disclaims all express and implied warranties, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, as well as any warranty arising from course of performance, course of dealing, or usage in trade.
